Donald trump campaign it on the defensive this morning after a
week full controversies and comment broadcast trump turn up the feud with the family
of a muslim soldier killed in iraq in the same interview he
fielded denied russia's military involvement in ukraine his comment monday about sexual
harassment marked a backlash on tuesday trump reviewed indoors house paul ryan or
senator john mccain in their primaries and by wednesday trump had lost support
two republican congressmen and a prominent donor trump
denied any trouble yesterday in florida.
So, I just wanted-to tell you the campaign is doing really well it's never been.
So well united as we started on june I would say right
now it's the best in terms of being united that it's been since we
began where doing incredibly well....
Paul manafort chairman the trump campaign Paul morning this is interesting and newt gingrich said
if he has more week like this is going to be too far gone in order to catch up then
weather he wouldn't vote for clinton karl rove said that is he has more weeks like this as
I said there's a range of friendly bar taking place at this
time that suggest that it may be slipping time is of the estimate and more
week like this they make it impossible to catch up well that
thats not true there's plenty of time were in the first week of august usually
campaign in historical terms don't even start till september we are
use august as a very aggressive month mr trump yesterday was in
florida crowds of fifteen thousand people those are october crowds
we announced our fifty state directors this week everybody's
deployed an working we raised the record amount money the eighty million dollars
with no bills so this is all cash cash on hand so, no, we're feeling comfortable
we're...comfortable what we are concerned comfortable where we are organizationally
we're not comfortable with is the narrative that the media seems to be taking which is which is building
a storyline of that the democrats are controlling the race the word feel
comfortable if you look at our messages this is going to be about change
...and all the polls even the one...talk about change you're talking about a,
you know, the khan family whole range of things they're not change and not
about issues well we were talking about changes yesterday we will be for the rest of this week
next week we'll be talking about economic plan you know, the khan family situation that
mr trump was trying to talk about the fact that they were caught up in something bigger than them yet yes
sorry about loss of thier son as we all are but what he was trying
to talk about was the issue with the war the...the rise
you agree this has been a very bad week for the trump campaign and how
did how are you guys able to ignore the dropping poll numbers
and the defection that are happening dropping poll numbers were expected...the democratic of
...expect...this big of drop depends on which poll you look and you know,
we feel like in another week or so polls are going to even out we always thought that we had a bounce we knew
that democrats had bounce and, in you see in the situation looks like an
uneven field but in two weeks we think that's going to even out and out there on a message which we will
be the framework of this election favors donald trump if we run the campaign that we're
planning on running...we think we're going to win we don't plan on
winning in august we plan on awaited november...in that will become evident in campaign
deploys there's a lot going on the local levels that you're not seeing that he doesn't seem to appear to stay on
message though isn't an issue for you
well he the thing is he's new admit picked what he says...
impede like the other day...get talking about strong message on what's going on with this four hundred
hundred-million-dollars...the...which is an outragous amount of money that was
paid for hostages that probably went right straight to the terrorists
was cash...gave four hundred billion dollars in cash to the
iranians the harbor of terrorism you can only imagine with that money went in
...in that same rally where he got on-message
hitting the obama administration on that point he also went off message an rehash
all controversies including the of split with
fox news host meagan kelly...he went back to talking about the blood coming out of her
whatever
was it helpful do you think from yesterday to clarify which part of her body he meant when he said that
is a responsibility on both parts the media and the campaign and everybody understood
what the real messages were and that speech and was talking about the iranian situation about the cash
to decisions ... you watch that...the headline was going to be on the
four hundred-million on that attack why do you have to go there why do you have to go on these issues and rehash
old controversy we feel confident that the issues are being heard on
the local levels we had are still not getting report at the national level because also local media coverage to
let ask about mr trump not endorsing paul ryan
this is the front-page of the many of the paper today and then his vice-presidential running
mate disagreeing with him and thing I strongly support paul ryan
let me ask you your a republican a lifelong republican loyal one
do you support speaker ryan re-election I'm chairman of the campaign
is chairman of the campaign we have campaign position not getting involved in primaries
paul ryan is a close personal friend of mike pence paul ryan nominated...governor
pence republican convention provides president donald trump understood that relationship
...of course, you know, your life-long republican
mean you served for president in the past for years...you support paul ryan
support as a speaker and I know after support for candidate for president to
...really ?
Back...talking to the...
The election and paul ryan jumping...and that
What will it take for him to endorse paul ryan...
...he's going to support paul ryan...he does support paul ryan he said he's going to work with paul ryan
there's no issue about that he didn't take a position in the primaries
...but...a position many primaries thats not the news...the
two working together to elect republican congress and president and I think you
you're going see that can i ask you this question in terms of your previous
role I spent a fair amount of time as a reporter with
putin in terms of an interview maybe five hours...together he constantly
said to me cia and others were responsible for the overthrow of...
...which in ukraine in do you believe he is right on that...which
wrong conversation eh I think that the
imagination of ukraine a deal with a lot of geopolitics america wasn't
involved in say they I think the people over threw
but there's a lot more going out in that country?
I don't think that which was the sole one person that you can say
and if you look at what went up...in moscow,
was not a good place situation in ukraine is the geopolitics
are very interesting that you look at but ukraine is in europe today
in europe today because...agreement that was negotiated primarily
by article which and frankly that I was the principle person looking to do
right conversation for another time thank you paul I think we should get back to your thing that donald
endored paul ryan for president I think that is very interesting
not yet prepared to do it...rule it out correct which then
...paul ryan
To get in trouble
...like having at the table thank you very much for coming in today.